what's up it's the binding of issac it's
your boy Northern Line and we lost like
freakin wicked badly on the last one
dude it was a nightmare now actually
because we're recording so much less I
think this is the wrong save file
because we're recording so much less
Isaac wait we won on the last episode
because we're reporting so much less
Isaac things David I'm like four days
since I last played and it's such I
think I've lost all ability to
understand what happened in this
previous thread of dialogue if you know
what I mean
so we have who Lilith we haven't done
anything with Lilith yet because she's
difficult and she sucks and I hate her
but you know what Lilith
is pretty good at is greed mode so maybe
that could be like our gateway drug here
Kate qua wills he becomes another year
yeah there's no joke like Isaac is like
the series that I've set my watch to and
the fact that we're recording not a huge
fan of this but I'll do it anyway fact
that we're recording a little bit less
of it kind of lost the let me put it
this way because I did when I say that
I've lost something it sounds negative
what I've gained is like a lot of time
to check out new games which I think
it's really for the positive for pretty
much everybody
but what I've accidentally ended up
doing is recording like two weeks of
backlog because two weeks of backlog is
essentially the same as what would
normally come out during one week and
I've got all this built-up Isaac muscle
memory so I'm basically accidentally
still making far too much Isaac just
releasing it more slowly and I'm trying
to like adjust for that but it's a
period that takes time to do so like I
could never play Isaac for like the next
week and be completely PI like barely
even put a dent in what I've got in a
can here so I got a settle into a much
like much more regimented routine you
know the you know they say like when
you're working out the rest is as
important as the exercise that's clearly
false like the catch-22 is that you've
got to do the exercise for the rest to
mean anything too much rest is just you
know being legacy which I can relate to
the word we're doing a lot of Isaac
exercise here
programming some more red states for
ourselves so we can get Isaac
hypertrophy and get to the point where
we start building our Isaac muscles back
copy but we've been doing fine on the
new save file I'm not super pleased with
the damage we took just there but this
is why Lilith is like a ten out of ten
green mode character is the ability to
use the ability to use our ink you
buddies here to just stack up and
basically do everything that can be done
in one shot and make our life easier
than it is for a lot of other characters
so we still like we've been really
investing in deals with the angel
instead of deals with the devil in green
mode for the most part mostly one of the
reasons behind that by the way is
because Kaos apparently shows up all the
freaking time
might as well do this the only time
we're not going to press the button is
if it seems like we'll die if we do or
will likely die if we do maybe a better
way to describe that because we're going
to lose for anybody here or three inky
buddies we have one quarter the damage
output placenta it's like a okay green
mode item we've already lost all of our
demon hearts so it seems like not a bad
choice obviously I don't think we take
black powder and we've kind of got a
green mode formula working for us here
for better or for worse take the key we
should probably buy another key the
first would get hot bombs well we can
buy a key on the next floor if you want
to with hot bombs probably want to use a
bomb here that give us $0.10 it's
extremely good I don't think we really
want to pay for HP we should get some
naturally so blow that up it's another
five cents I will definitely pay for
blue cap which is HP n tears and I'll
definitely pay for compound fracture and
then we don't really have anything else
to do here so what I'll do is blow that
up and oh my god it worked I was mostly
just hoping to get the bomb for free but
instead we not only got the bomb for
free but also got analog stick which is
the tiers upgrade we could have replaced
that with the we could have used our
resources to re-roll in the reroll
machine
confusing sentence I suppose but not
necessary I would say and we'll blow
this guy up hope to get a key didn't get
a key but effectively got two cents for
free and dude pretty good first floor
here
HP two tiers upgrades actually two HP
upgrades as well because of placenta
some bombs whatever the heck we're going
to get out of compound fracture which I
always confuse myself with because of
real benefit is that it's sort of like
the parasite but I might be missing
something all right
two out of three good pills please
that's actually completely fine yeah
actually starting with this is amazing
dude I'm almost at the point I'll be
straight up with you I'm not taking dr.
fetus on a on the Lilith run that's just
asking for trouble core fun times one of
the two but I will take growth hormones
I sort of don't want to take chaos we
have taken chaos on almost every single
let's try this we've taken chaos on
almost every single greed mode run so
far it's just like I've lost the sense
of tailoring my own run so let's uh
let's try to mix it up a little bit this
time we're going to ignore chaos even
though it probably does give us a better
chance instead we're going to try to
build our own run kind of holistically
instead of just relying on chaos to give
us guppy items that we can buy on the
cheap right so I will say a ten out of
ten trinket fourths just crunching the
numbers
if dude we can get triple-a battery I'm
going to be shows that's my new thing I
put H's in words where they don't belong
now what second one didn't really work I
figured you know if I can't get I'm not
actually mad about this by the way but
look harp on it as if I am if I can't
get people to think that I pronounce
words correctly to begin with why don't
we just go what a over-the-top start
pronouncing words and deliberately a bit
of an incendiary fashion and then I
don't know slowly watch my career died
probably the results we see as a as a
cause-and-effect relationship of that
but
what a beautiful way to watch you go I
hate to see you go but I love to watch
it leave as they as they say anyway
triple a battery is what I was going to
suggest so we could get our math to line
up but our math actually used to have
lined up already to allow us to get a
charge as soon as we press the next
button so maybe I was quite correct
about that either way that was like a
comically easy floor there give me b1
reroll with coins tell you what I'm
gonna go one deeper yeah I will take odd
mushroom small damage downgrade nice
tears upgrade I can't remember if it
breaks the cap but I'm gonna risk it not
breaking the cap and it didn't so I am a
silly boy either way down to the next
floor no tinted rocks and we're good to
go here I mean this run is looking
fantastic
we did lower our damage on the last
floor by taking skinny odd mushroom but
I mean that's an old controversy whether
or not skinny odd mushroom is worth it I
think skinny odd mushroom is worth it
like 98% of the time somewhere in that
vicinity at least this don't really want
spirit hearts check for a secret room
okay and pick up some more spirit hearts
but we don't have enough money to buy
anything here so we're kind of oh dude
you don't have to pay for we traded a
spirit art for a key there which is
actually kind of nice and we get the
parasite which I have no idea that
actually works with the compound
fracture the answer appears to be that
it works very well with compound
fractures so lucky oh I don't see us
losing this run so at some point we have
to you know figure out whether or not
we're going to start saving I don't
think we're quite at save all of our
money level but we'll we'll see as as
time progresses here because I can't
speak I can't hold still the only thing
I really know is she got sex up hill yes
yeah if I was actually going to workshop
a character I think my character is guy
who reads song lyrics that cheat in
order to earn a rhyme and
is them in a normal English language
voice now that's a hard thing to kind of
conjure up at runtime but crazy times
butterfly is definitely guilty of that
I can't think I can't hold still the
only thing I really know is she got sex
a pill
she's got a sexual pill like a cialis or
even a Viagra I don't know why they all
sound like the names of Greek gods I
I've seen this before and I'm actually
asking out of curiosity because I'm
assuming we you know we got a
cosmopolitan group of people I watched
it don't worry I'm not going to ask you
you mean you take boner pills that's a
little I'm overstepping my bounds there
um but I watched an ad recently I can't
think it was what was it before because
it was important I think it was like a
sporting event and there was an ad for
something who we've unlocked conquest no
wonder we got meat boy so easily we
didn't even have conquest unlocked
anyway I think we should take the halo
this early in the game and maybe skip
the rest it was an ad and it had a lot
of middle-aged and older individuals for
all looking around doing things and it
was like you should take blah this is
why you should take blah but it never
ever mentioned the proximate cause for
why you would need this medication to
the point that I started to get a little
upset if I'm being honest I'm going to
take this to get closer to spawn and it
ended up working out really nicely
actually I don't know I don't want to
say that I got offended because you know
of course medical issues are your own
business however I was watching an
advertisement for a medication that
never said what it treated or what the
effects of it were it mostly was just
almost like an Adult Swim style montage
of those tacky moments in pharmaceutical
commercials or it's always like you know
my life has been taken away from me and
then this medication brought it back and
it's like him you know playing frisbee
with his daughter or something I know
what you're going to say you're going to
say
it's boner pills but I feel like the
boner pills ads are not discreet they
don't say hey this will give you a big
old hard-on but they show like you know
there used to be the ones that were like
good morning good morning it's fun as in
you know it shows Bob smiling and his
wife smiling as well and you kind of you
can piece it together this I can't
stress enough this one was literally
just old dudes playing around outside it
was like they were trying to advertise
it was like an ad taken out by their
competition to be weird so I don't know
if anyone has ever seen this I know I'm
giving you bad criteria here but if
you're familiar with this please let me
know because the curiosity has just been
eating me up inside it's probably
something innocuous like blood pressure
medication but I do worry that maybe
it's actually an advertisement that
awoke like some sleeper agents deep in
the American South or something like
that
like some Manchurian Candidate stuff you
know it feels like I watched it in a
fever dream we are actually crushing our
tears are not individually that strong
but we are just like oh it's probably a
holy mantle as well but we are just
dominating in terms of efficiency of
those tears because like every shot all
I didn't need to buy that we can make
use of it but I didn't mean to buy it
every shot we don't need battery
generates like four shots off of it can
this give you bandaged girls if it can
give you bandage girl we got a try
basically I'll take that as well
it only gives boys who are meaty dude
with holy mantle go for the two four
levels I think you got us you take
spider mod as well as cheap now I've
invested in winning as opposed to oh and
dude they're going to get we're going to
get at least one extra level for meat
boy every time you press the button
right I believe I think that's the case
I know it looked like we only had one
there but I think that's just a
byproduct of them like overlapping yeah
so nightlight is just okay mr. Dahle
gives us a range upgrade which is
irrelevant but it does give us one black
heart which is somewhat valuable I
suppose let's just worry about winning
now because I have kind of going to take
this I've kind of risk everything for
potato peeler which might have debatably
been a horrible idea either way let's
give this show on the road so we got to
meet boys I really want to see what
happens when we get our new next played
we have for me boys
we have to meet boys I feel like this is
something we tested recently with
exactly the same result Fox and Friends
doesn't increment our meat boys under it
all it gives us an orbital that's right
all right kind of sucks it makes sense
but well it doesn't it doesn't it makes
sense because it's obviously like a hard
coded edge case where orbitals just go
up a level for meat boy and bandage girl
but at the same time I don't have Cuba
meat I have you know to meet boys that I
created through an item that no longer
is this I don't think we you need to get
that battery so it's just two batteries
and we definitely should get one and use
it but that's mostly just because of
like generic best practices either way
we're going to steamroll these sections
where things are going to become much
trickier is when it comes time oh please
spirit out well walking on sunshine too
okay
luck up is nice if we can get it to
manifest those are other cards the Sun
the Sun with no red hearts doesn't
matter walking on sunshine does and we
can go here because we have
so what do you do I think you grab a
bomb and walk on the spikes for no
reason that's a big part of it you blow
that up that sucked
okay so then go back in here we got that
right we need another bomb in order to
take advantage of that wait it out a
second you're worried about
turns out the battery wouldn't have been
that bad now it's spending a lot of
money on batteries here and or sorry I'm
bombs it's not really good practice most
of the time got a little lucky that one
worked out really nicely for us so the
next step is start using this a real
roll machine you get spun which is very
nice of course some of the time and then
you hope for five cents here because I
wanted nine volt but it's probably
irrelevant I guess we're just we're out
here in the fields where we're fighting
for our meals how many floors we got
left it seems easy enough right now but
we do want to continue donating 10 cents
is not a lot to donate we absolutely
need to have a full charge available for
our mega greed fight or we're going to
be unhappy with the results I think so
just push this up here I mean I on the
one hand I I don't feel like I should
need to apologize but on the other hand
I feel like people sort of like have the
wrong idea with apologies I'm going to
use this and then use this like people
and I've said this many times before but
I still think like it's not like it
falls on deaf ears
people take an apology as a sign of
weakness which I don't agree with
so I'm gonna say it's like two tangent
figure I apologize these read mode
episodes tend to be a little bit shorter
but I also understand if you're like you
don't need to apologize you betta you
know garbage man you didn't make the
game it's true
I like the green mode runs I guess we
can save this battery and then use the
charges as much as you want we didn't
make the we didn't make the game and the
green mode runs tend to be shorter and
they're also a little bit easier and
they've got to be done
so it's kind of like that perfect storm
of life you know why sweat it right but
I like apologizing I don't I don't see
your publicising as a sign of weakness
if she apologizing as long as it's
something that you know is a productive
apology I think it's a sign of courage
to apologize to admit that you've uh
that you've done something wrong and try
to work past that I didn't lose holy man
today so I'm not necessarily taking
responsibility for the fact of the green
mode episode sanity shorter
rather what I'm doing is saying I know a
lot of people out there one like you
know 40 plus minutes Issac entertainment
a day greed mode sometimes gives you 21
minutes of issac entertainment a day all
I can really say is that will be past it
and I hope you're enjoying the green
mode runs will they happen because it's
one of those you know don't want to know
we seem to go that you don't know what
you got till it's gone we're not as
green mode and then it never came back
well we can't even get rerolls here so
you got to kind of take a little think
wouldn't you say we could buy damage
upgrades tears upgrades
that's Pisces so it's not even spirit
hearts we can't really buy spirit hearts
I think we this is going to be
surprisingly tight looking for secret
rooms for no reason really but okay oh
oh you know in five cents to blow up a
to blow up a tinted rock I think at this
point is a very good compromise
well worth it okay we have two more
bonds we could use those bombs against
the boss but this not really much reason
to use one here sure okay I'll use one
here oh I mean I didn't even pick up the
key there there that is a little
unfortunate but okay we should still be
fine holy mantle protects us once I was
hoping to at least get one penny for a
bomb
normally a terrible trade but you know
in greed mode why not is kind of my
perspective on it if we know we don't
need the bomb for combat we might as
well donate one more cent right
same reason I'm going to blow this guy
up we'll head through to the ultra-green
fight it should be relatively easy look
a bit relatively easily the one thing I
will say about greed mode run is that
like feel like I don't get to build a
longer Pig so we'll try to keep like you
know this is the appetizer and at least
we're building like some support as Lily
you know we're building confidence we're
getting a base level interaction with
this character that I can understand now
greed mode tends to be easier because
for the most part you can just buy
whatever you would like to buy and you
know the items that you buy tend to be
better than items that you don't have
any choice over selecting okay steps not
abundantly clear but I imagine it
probably it's for many of you because
it's the second time for a lot of you to
be watching this stuff so it looks like
we're easily going to be able to get
through this donate more money
our green machine is that like 200 and
something I think that hurts me when you
do that
the keys are irrelevant like the runoff
from are like lump of coal compound
fracture parasites shot that is going to
kill them the only thing that would make
this run better in static tears or
jacob's ladder' I know they're pretty
similar but to get all of these shots
like really quickly getting out there
you can't really see because of lump of
coal but like the shot speed seems
pretty solid right now and then every
single one of them creating electricity
bursts would be like 10 out of 10 this
run that president is like a nine so
fairly easily done there box of friends
has appeared in the basement which is
kind of a bummer because I will never
ever buy that item as anybody I buzz the
friends does show up in the shop but
it's so rarely like a sensible choice
the majority of the time it's like what
familiars are you looking to double
anyway everything's a thank you this is
a good little brimstone I understand
either way three two one drop on Sonoma
that's two hundred ninety cents I don't
think we could might blow this guy up
right you did take six hundred damage
from it but apart from that nothing all
right easy little aperitif to get us
into the mood here and record some more
Isaac for now thanks for watching hope
you've enjoyed the episode if you didn't
click the like button it was a short one
but we'll be back tomorrow and every day
after that in the lead of the universe
for now thanks for watchin and I will
see you next time
[Music]